[Release Note] Next.js private beta, sunsetting FES (#9771)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/partials/fes-deprecated.md

<Alert title="Warning" type="danger">

> This documentation is considered deprecated. The "Front-End Sites" feature is no longer actively developed and has been discontinued in favor of a new solution for [Next.js on Pantheon](/nextjs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation is considered deprecated. If you use Front-End Sites today, we encourage you to [migrate](/nextjs/migrating-from-front-end-sites).
```
